README.md, before:

# sqlx-adapter

[![Build Status](https://travis-ci.org/casbin-rs/sqlx-adapter.svg?branch=master)](https://travis-ci.org/casbin-rs/sqlx-adapter)

An adapter designed to work with [casbin-rs](https://github.com/casbin/casbin-rs) which is fully `asynchronous`.


## Install

Add it to `Cargo.toml`

```
casbin = { version = "0.4.3" }
sqlx-adapter = { version = "0.1.0", features = ["postgres"] }
async-std = "1.5.0"
```

## Configure

Rename `sample.env` to `env`

```
DATABASE_URL=postgres://casbin_rs:casbin_rs@localhost:5432/casbin
POOL_SIZE=8
```


## Example

```rust
use casbin::prelude::*;
use sqlx_adapter::SqlxAdapter;

#[async_std::main]
async fn main() -> Result<()> {
    let m = DefaultModel::from_file("examples/rbac_model.conf").await?;
    
    let a = SqlxAdapter::new().await?;
    let mut e = Enforcer::new(m, a).await?;
    
    Ok(())
}

```

## Features

- `postgres`
- `mysql`

*Attention*: `postgres` and `mysql` are mutual exclusive which means that you can only activate one of them. Currently we don't have support for `sqlite`, it may be added in the near future.

Commit message:

Fix: general fix and doc update
1. fix database constraint key
2. improve README introduction and add badges

README.md, after:

# sqlx-adapter

[![Crates.io](https://img.shields.io/crates/v/sqlx-adapter.svg)](https://crates.io/crates/sqlx-adapter)
[![Docs](https://docs.rs/sqlx-adapter/badge.svg)](https://docs.rs/sqlx-adapter)
[![Build Status](https://travis-ci.org/casbin-rs/sqlx-adapter.svg?branch=master)](https://travis-ci.org/casbin-rs/sqlx-adapter)


Sqlx Adapter is the [Sqlx](https://github.com/launchbadge/sqlx) adapter for [Casbin-rs](https://github.com/casbin/casbin-rs). With this library, Casbin can load policy from Sqlx supported database or save policy to it with fully asynchronous support.

Based on [Sqlx](https://github.com/launchbadge/sqlx), The current supported databases are:

- [Mysql](https://www.mysql.com/)
- [Postgres](https://github.com/lib/pq)

## Install

Add it to `Cargo.toml`

```
casbin = { version = "0.4.3" }
sqlx-adapter = { version = "0.1.0", features = ["postgres"] }
async-std = "1.5.0"
```

## Configure

Rename `sample.env` to `env`

```
DATABASE_URL=postgres://casbin_rs:casbin_rs@localhost:5432/casbin
POOL_SIZE=8
```


## Example

```rust
use casbin::prelude::*;
use sqlx_adapter::SqlxAdapter;

#[async_std::main]
async fn main() -> Result<()> {
    let m = DefaultModel::from_file("examples/rbac_model.conf").await?;
    
    let a = SqlxAdapter::new().await?;
    let mut e = Enforcer::new(m, a).await?;
    
    Ok(())
}

```

## Features

- `postgres`
- `mysql`

*Attention*: `postgres` and `mysql` are mutual exclusive which means that you can only activate one of them. Currently we don't have support for `sqlite`, it may be added in the near future.
